# Pet-Paradise-Privacy-agreement

Pet-Paradise-Privacy-agreement


Note that we respect your privacy and are committed to protecting the personal information you provide when using the Services. This Privacy Policy is intended to provide notice about the company's information practices, including the type of information that is collected, how it is used and protected, and how you control how it is maintained and shared.

How do we collect information about you and why? We may collect information about you directly from you and third parties and automatically collect information about you through your use of our websites, applications or services in a fair and reasonable manner. We collect information only to the extent necessary to provide a service or deliver an application or one or more features of an application. Information we collect from you and your use of our applications and services We may receive certain information about you from third parties (such as Google or Apple). For information about how third parties collect and disclose your information, please refer to the appropriate third party privacy policy. We have no control over how third parties use or disclose the personal information you provide to them. We store information we receive from third parties and other information we collect or receive from you about you.

The information we collect automatically; Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies We may use Cookies (including Flash Cookies, transparent GIFs, server log analysis and other existing and ongoing tracking technologies) to enhance your experience with applications and services and to track applications and services with information about your use of us. Like many websites, our site and third parties acting on our behalf, such as Google Analytics, also store log files and use cookies and other tracking techniques to collect information. A Cookie is a small data file that has been transferred to your computer's hard drive or mobile device for record-keeping purposes. Some cookies make it easier for us to browse our Web site and use our applications and services, while others are used to speed up the login process or allow us to track your activity on our Web site and applications. Third-party advertisers may also use, place or read cookies or other technologies on your browser, and these practices are subject to their respective policies. We use your application and services to automatically collect the following information about you: language information, referral and exit pages, and URLs; Your geographic location (where permitted), unique device identifier (where permitted), the operating system and platform of your computer or mobile device, the communication network associated with your computer or mobile device, and the name and model of the mobile device, date and time of your website, Use of Apps and Services and the length of time you play our Apps and/or visit or use our Website and Services. We can use this information in aggregate or in combination with our personal information about you.

Security of Your Personal Information We have taken commercially reasonable precautions designed to protect the information we collect from loss, abuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction.

This Privacy Policy is subject to change from time to time. Unless otherwise stated, our current privacy policy applies to all information we have about you. Without the consent of affected customers, we will not materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of customer information collected in the past.
